it appears that netflix has anticipated
our unlikely craving for all things
zombie related because the streaming
platform has a long list of movies and
shows catering to fans of just that
sub-genre from chilling horror titles
like bird box and black summer to more
comedic options like zombieland and ash
vs evil dead netflix has a movie or show
about zombies that fans of every type
can enjoy
our eyes like zombies mallons are
drooling in anticipation so we won't
hold up the barricade any longer here
are the top movies and shows about
zombies on netflix
walking dead
the walking dead is the godfather of all
zombie apocalyptic television shows and
despite being over 10 years old it just
keeps getting better and better a hit
series from amc centers on a group of
humans surviving in a zombie apocalyptic
wasteland in search of a secure home
but as a world overrun by the living
dead takes a toll on the few people that
remain their interpersonal problems
prove to be even greater threats to
their continuing survival than the
corpses hunting them outside
over 11 years we have witnessed insane
plot twists gruesome story arcs and
bloody zombie fight after bloody zombie
fight but somehow the walking dead
always leaves us salivating for more
zombieland
if you're looking for a top-notch zombie
flick that won't keep you up at night
with horrifying images and jump scares
zombieland is the movie for you starring
jesse eisenberg emma stone woody
harrelson and abigail wrestling this
comedy film follows a ragtag group of
zombie apocalypse survivors who form an
unlikely alliance as they make their way
across the country to los angeles
hopefully avoiding getting eaten by
zombies along the way
the humor is infectious the cast
chemistry is undeniable and even
features a cameo appearance by none
other than bill murray so even if you do
not love the gore and terror that
usually accompanies a zombie film you
will absolutely enjoy zombieland
if you don't i'll have to get
tallahassee woody harrelson to use me a
zombie bait while he tracks down the
ever elusive hostess twinkie
a zombie
who would have thought that being a
zombie would be helpful in solving
crimes in the cw series izombie we
learned just how useful eating brains
can be to the whole operation based on
the comic book series of the same name i
zombie is about a med student turned
zombie named live more who must eat the
brains of dead patients in order to
maintain her humanity as a result she
temporarily inherits the memories and
personality traits of the person's
brains she's eaten which in turn helps
her solve crime with the seattle police
force
but as the seasons continue on the crime
solving piece of the series becomes only
one half of the real story
we encourage you to check this brain
eating show out as soon as you can cook
up a mean blt b stands for brains
santa clarita diet
drew barrymore stars in santa clarita
diet the netflix original horror comedy
that puts a real spin on the california
fad diet mentality fairmore plays sheila
hammond at average suburban wife who
owns a real estate agency with her
husband joel in santa clarita in
california but the couple's
run-of-the-mill boring lives take a
dramatic turn when sheila suddenly
transforms into a zombie and starts
craving human flesh
joel volunteers to help her satisfy her
inhuman desires sending them on a wild
journey and bringing them closer as a
couple
sadly this tasty series was cancelled
after season three but still santa
clarita diet remains to be one of the
top zombie series you can watch on the
platform
army of the dead writer and director
zack snyder's latest film is army of the
dead and it just came out on netflix
this zombie filled netflix original film
centers on a group of mercenaries who
following a zombie apocalypse take the
biggest gamble las vegas has ever seen
and try to pull off a major heist in the
center of the quarantine zone of the
city
starring dave badista tignotero ella
pernell and moore army of the dead is
set to be not only one of the top movies
on netflix but also one of the top
zombie movies
cargo
one of the scariest horror movies you
can stream on netflix is cargo the
australian post-apocalyptic horror film
with a zombie s storyline
set in a world overrun by a deadly virus
that turns people into rabid killers
within 48 hours of getting the infection
martin freeman stars as andy a man
desperately trying to protect his wife
infant daughter and self from infection
while simon landers stars as thumy an
aboriginal girl desperate to save her
infected father this is not your normal
zombie apocalypse survival story but
like every other film in this genre the
need to preserve your vital humanity in
dark times is at cargo's core
ash versus evil dead
ash vs evil dead is the hilarious
spin-off series from ivan and sam
raimi's evil dead film franchise that
gained a cult following in the 1980s it
has been 30 years since chains handed
ash williams save the world but when the
evil dead is once again unleash and
threatens mankind ash reluctantly steps
up to assume his former position as hero
of the world
starring bruce campbell is ash and
introducing ray santiago and dana de
lorenzo as his new trusty sidekicks ash
vs evil dead is a comedy horror series
that likens back to the original
masterpieces in its pure dark humor
fashion
sweet home
based on the comic of the same main by
kim karmi and wang young-chan sweet home
is a post-apocalyptic series that
follows a troubled team and his fellow
apartment residents must come together
to fight the death and destruction that
flesh-eating zombies have introduced to
the world outside the apartment complex
will they survive will these strangers
become one
despite the tired premise we assure you
that sweet home brings originality and
freshness to its story that makes it a
must-watch series in the genre
black summer if you like black mirror
you are going to love its zombie
apocalyptic cousin black summer
this netflix original sci-fi anthology
series explores what the world would
look like post zombie apocalypse but in
an unprecedented in-depth way
with episodes ranging from 20 minutes to
almost an hour each installment of the
series focuses on a very specific
challenge the apocalypse could pose
through storylines that expand on
factors like language barriers or rocky
alliances in a way that has never been
done in any zombie movie or show before
taking something seemingly innocuous and
picking it apart used to be just black
mirrors game but black summer is here to
play now thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the video make sure to comment
below and don't forget to smash the like
button also if you like this video and
want to see more make sure you subscribe
to the channel you know you want to
see you soon